# players
id : integer
username : string
password : string
last_ip  : string
last_login : datetime
rank : integer
x : integer
y : integer
fatigue : integer
qs_impcatcher : integer
qs_doricsquest : integer
qs_cooksquest : integer
qs_shearer : integer
qs_romeo : integer
qs_witch : integer
qs_druid : integer

spell_guthix : integer
spell_saradomin : integer
spell_zamorak : integer

killing_spree : integer

mute : integer
kills : integer
deaths : integer
quest_points : integer
combat_style : integer

privacy_set_a : integer
privacy_set_b : integer
privacy_set_c : integer
privacy_set_d : integer

game_set_a : integer
game_set_b : integer
game_set_c : integer
game_set_d : integer
game_set_e : integer
game_set_f : integer

hair_color : integer
top_color : integer
bottom_color : integer
skin_color : integer
head_style : integer
body_style : integer

gender : integer

skull : integer

exp_attack : integer
exp_defense : integer
exp_strength : integer
exp_hits : integer
exp_ranged : integer
exp_prayer : integer
exp_magic : integer
exp_cooking : integer
exp_woodcut : integer
exp_fletching : integer
exp_fishing : integer
exp_firemaking : integer
exp_crafting : integer
exp_smithing : integer
exp_mining : integer
exp_herblaw : integer
exp_agility : integer 
exp_thieving : integer 

curstat_attack : integer
curstat_defense : integer
curstat_strength : integer
curstat_hits : integer
curstat_ranged : integer
curstat_prayer : integer
curstat_magic : integer
curstat_cooking : integer
curstat_woodcut : integer
curstat_fletching : integer
curstat_fishing : integer
curstat_firemaking : integer
curstat_crafting : integer
curstat_smithing : integer
curstat_mining : integer
curstat_herblaw : integer
curstat_agility : integer 
curstat_thieving : integer 

# inventory
id : integer
player_id : integer
item_id : integer
amount : integer
wielded : integer

# bank
id : integer
player_id : integer
item_id : integer
amount : integer

# friends (TBD)

# quests (TBD)


